Update open-netbios.md (#359)
aquasecurity/cloud-security-remediation-guides: en/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-netbios.md

2. Select the "Search resources, services, and docs" option at the top and search for Network security groups. </br> <img src="/resources/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-netbios/step2.png"/>
3. Select the "Network security group" that needs to be verified. </br> <img src="/resources/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-netbios/step3.png"/>
4. Click on the "Name" of the selected "Network security group" to access the port configurations. </br> <img src="/resources/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-netbios/step4.png"/>

> 5. In the "Overview" tab scroll down the page and check the "Inbound security rules" under "Settings." </br> <img src="/resources/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-netbios/step5.png"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. In the "Overview" tab scroll down the page and check the "Inbound security rules" under "Settings". </br> <img src="/resources/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-netbios/step5.png"/>
```

6. If the "NetBIOS" for port 137 or 138 with protocol "UDP" is showing as "Allow" for all "Source" and "Destination" then the selected  "Network security group" has UDP port 137 or 138 for NetBIOS is open to the public. </br> <img src="/resources/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-netbios/step6.png"/>
7. Repeat steps number 2 - 6 to verify other "Network security group." </br>
8. Navigate to the "Network security group" and select the security group that needs to modify for restricting the NetBIOS protocol on port 137 or 138 to specific IP Address.</br> <img src="/resources/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-netbios/step8.png"/>
9. Scroll down the left navigation panel and choose "Inbound security rules" under "Settings."</br> <img src="/resources/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-netbios/step9.png"/>

> 10. Click on the "NetBIOS" protocol in the "Name" column and under "Source" select the "IP Address" from the dropdown menu and enter the "Source IP addresses/CIDR ranges" as per the requirement, select the Protocol as TCP/UDP or as needed, Action as "Allow/Deny" and click on the "Save" option at the top panel. </br> <img src="/resources/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-netbios/step10.png"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Click on the "NetBIOS" protocol in the "Name" column and under "Source" select the "IP Address" from the dropdown menu and enter the "Source IP addresses/CIDR ranges" as per the requirement, select the required Protocol and Action and click on the "Save" option at the top panel. </br> <img src="/resources/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-netbios/step10.png"/>
```
